## Enhancement One
The first improvement was not in my initial plan, after struggling trying to implement the enhancements through Eclipse and Java I decided to recreate the program in C# and using Visual Studios. Visual Studios I was much more experienced in using and I thought I could work more efficiently through it. I built the program from the ground up and was able to enhance it along the way. I think in the long run this was much better, I learned a lot and did not have to work with code that I didn’t write, since most of the code was given to us in CS-250.
  
I ended up with a more useful and complete program. I implemented login and signup user features, including a hash and salt algorithm for the password to create more security. I also created and implemented an SQL database with three tables to store the vacation information, user information, and the booking information. In the next section enhancement, I plan on implementing a way for users to search for their booking information they have booked in the past. In my initial plan I didn’t account for having to create the program in a different language or the hashing and salt to keep user security safe. 

Looking back on the enhancements I think I needed a more fleshed out plan. Somethings I did not think about and I had to back track to implement them. An example of this was the hashing and salting of the password to keep the user’s information more secure. While implementing this did not take a lot of time, it is something I should have thought about before starting this project plan. Some challenges I faced while recreating the project was having getting the layout for all the vacations to be the same. At first, I tried to create all the labels/controls in a table layout panel, which by the name I thought would work. That wasn’t working and having never used one before I didn’t know that a cell of a table layout panel can only hold one control. Then I created a panel inside the cells and that works okay, but since labels had different length of texts things would not match up.

What I ended up doing was creating a user control that I created and was able to layout everything then set the text and other information when it was created. First this reminded me that objects are good, and I need to split more of my programs into smaller objects, second this taught me that reading the documentation can save a whole bunch of time. Picking one artifact for all three enhancements caused me to do a lot more work this week then I thought it was. For example, I had to implement the database this week instead of a later week or I would not be able to test everything because I could not log in to the program. This caused to me to rush through a lot of things and they are not as cleanly implemented as I would like. I need to add some more try and catch statements for the SQL connections, which I’m thinking about making it’s own class anyways. 

## Enhancement Two
I implemented part of the data structures and algorithms already. I implemented a hashing and salt algorithm for password security. Included in that was also an algorithm to verify the user’s password. When extracting the data from the database I captured it into a data table which was easy user and then access the data. I also added a way to search for current bookings by confirmation number or an email address, and a way to cancel a booking. The plan for the enhancements continues without any changes as of right now. 

During this enhancement I learned that hashing the password wasn’t enough you also need to salt the password to get good security. I also learned how to work with a back and front end of an application and tie them together, which I feel is important since that is something I am going to need for my future job.

## Enhancemnt Three
For this third enhancement I created an SQL database with multiple tables. The first table is to hold user login information, it stores the username and the hashed and salted password. The next table stores the current vacations that are currently able to be booked the third is the bookings that customers have booked. The application interfaces with the SQL database with almost everything it does, so it was important to setup the database to be as efficient as possible when querying it. I learned through this enhancement how to have the frontend of an application communicate with the backend application. This was a great learning experience that I am sure will be helpful in any software development job I get after graduating. 
